Deprecate `Touchable` components (#3260)
software-mansion/react-native-gesture-handler: docs/docs/components/touchables.md

sidebar_label: Touchables
---

:::warning

> Touchables will be removed in Gesture Handler 4.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Touchables will be removed in the future version of Gesture Handler.
```

Plausible deniability.

Please change it also in other places.
